Yes, are such that so many seekers are born,
so many of them, they are really seekers.
That’s a category, a category of human
beings who are seeking something beyond.
It’s a fact, I mean there was
never such a time before that
so many seekers were born on this earth.
This word was used sometimes for one single
person or maybe about ten at the most but
two thousand years back you could not
find so many seekers on this earth.
I mean they are seekers.
Why there is so much seeking
and why people are seeking,
why they have this temperament of seeking?
What is the reason?
There must be some reason for it and
as we all know in Sahaja Yoga that the
last judgment has started and the last
judgment is going to work out through
the Kundalini awakening and everybody is
now trying to seek it some way or another.
The whole pattern has worked out
in such a way that the seekers are
born at this time and they have a background too.
They are not just seekers today.
I mean you were, as you know that you were
evolved, evolved from a unicellular animal
and then now today you are a human being and there
are people who are human beings otherwise also,
same way as you are but you are
a category, no doubt about it.
There is a category of people who
are seeking, not out of fashion,
out of just because in the atmosphere there
are many people selling their tickets but
you are doing it because there is something
within you which forces you and impels you,
compels you completely, which propels you,
which makes you mad and you do not know why,
what’s the matter within us and at this time
as you know there are lots of things that
have come up as in the market one has to supply
something plastic if there is too much demand.
But as there is plastic there has to be
something absolute, there has to be truth.
But what I find is this that lots
of words have some or other emerged
out of all this plastic supply and
these words are extremely confusing.
From where do these words come in?
For example cosmic consciousness is one of the
very common words used, cosmic consciousness.
From where does this word come in?
From where do you get the idea of all these
things and that also make people quite
vulnerable because they think these
are the words they never heard about,
you see something great, cosmic
consciousness, oh great thing.
All these words have come from the scriptures.
It was unfortunate or fortunate I
don’t know, it can work out both ways.
That it was said that after
realization you will get this.
Though little secret, secretive, it’s not
so open, so straightforward but still from
all the scriptures, you see especially the
scriptures of the eastern world we can say
India where the seers went very deep into
themselves, kept it as a secret throughout
till the time of I would say Shankaracharya the
sixth century, it’s quite modern for us in India.
Never a word was uttered about Kundalini,
not this word was used except also by
Markandeya who was there long time
back, much before Shankaracharya.
But to people Kundalini was something unknown,
something very much away from
the understanding of people.
In the Vedas you see the primordial
Mother was called as E, E and that’s
why Kabira has used it as E Padar, means
the state of E, the primordial Mother.
All this has been said in the Vedas, agreed
and is said again and again and then in other
scriptures like Bible, Koran, everywhere it
is mentioned that you are to be born again.
But one had to say that.
Now one says that.
Nothing was sort of a primitive idea or sort of
a crude idea or some sort of a imaginary idea,
it was absolute, the truth, absolutely that.
But when you just say even this
much that you are to be born again,
you see a very simple thing is
that you are to be born again.
These people pick up this word that
you are to be born again, finished.
They brand themselves as born
again, twice born people.
Just [unclear].
There are cults and cults and cults who talk about
that you will be getting your self-realization.
That is this is self-realization,
you must have this self-realization.
And then with that other things also
come in like cosmic consciousness,
you achieve your cosmic consciousness.
Now what is cosmic consciousness?
It’s not written anywhere in the scriptures
that clearly what is cosmic consciousness.
And it is very difficult for a seater
who is madly seeking not to get confused.
Anybody would.
Like they describe, you see when
you become cosmically conscious,
you become the tree, you become the mountain.
Are you going to become now the dead things?
Use your brains when they tell you
these things, that you start becoming
a cloud and then you becoming a tree and then
becoming a mountain and then becoming a stone.
This is the idea of cosmic.
You start everything, breathes and then talks.
Yes it does, no doubt.
But for that you have to be subtle.
The gross understanding of a thing that you become
identified with something else
that is much lower than you.
You see this is the most important point,
point we should know, that you get identified
with something which is much lower than you.
All such ideas should be challenged by all people
who have brains that how can
you become lower than you.
For example somebody says, all
right you start jumping like a frog,
a simple thing, very common it is in India.
You see so many people they come and sit with
their feet towards Me and people tell them,
now you are not supposed to do that towards
Mother, you can’t put your feet towards Her.
They said, what can we do?
We’ll start jumping, if you don’t put feet like
this, we’ll suddenly start jumping like frogs.
And then you tell them, how did you get this?
They said, one guru has awakened our
Kundalini and it is written in the book,
there is a book written, you’ll be surprised.
Where is they have said that you will start
jumping like a frog when
the Kundalini is awakened.
Actually there is a book written,
he is the guru of this fellow,
he is the guru, he is Saraswati Anand is his name,
the one who has written this one and I think
he is the guru, he is one of these persons.
And he is regarded as a very
authentic book by people.
And this kind of a thing is selling today that you
are going to become frogs and
you pay to become frogs now.
We have to see with our understanding, with
our intelligence, how can you become frogs,
I mean is that the way God is going to
now take down to frog level, very simple.
Or any one of such levels
has to make you a mountain.
Why do you want to become a mountain now?
You have come out of that mountain,
you were a rat, then you were a monkey,
you climbed over trees and today
you are on top of everything.
Now you don’t become the same dead thing.
And then you start believing
these stories and acting on it.
It’s a very subtle thing one has to understand.
It’s so cunning and so foxy.
You do feel that way, you’ll
be surprised, you do feel it.
You feel you are getting out of
this body, you are moving about,
you are going on top of all the places,
you are seeing things down below.
You just start feeling that
you have become the mountain,
it’s breathing, this is breathing, that
is breathing and everything is pulsating,
you start seeing all these
things, you start becoming that.
How does a mountain breathe?
How does a molecule breathe?
Now we have here some scientists, they know
that there are electromagnetic waves within us.
In the same way there are electromagnetic waves
in the, all the elements in the elements they
have got, atoms and all the atoms have got these
electromagnetic waves and these electromagnetic
waves make it pulsate, they are isometric,
symmetric and all sorts of pulsations are there.
These pulsations are coming only from
electromagnetic action, only electromagnetic.
Now see this, this is very
important to understand.
Out of five elements electromagnetism,
so one of the elements is the light
and another element is the magnet,
magnet comes from the Mother Earth.
So out of these two elements only these atoms
start pulsating, that’s only a part of it, that
you had before even, when you even had no life
you had electromagnetic vibrations within you.
So you are not going to get those electromagnetic
vibrations, you are not going to feel them.
But the Brahma Shakti, the power of Brahma,
the all pervading divine power of love is
not electromagnetic, it has got five elements, it
has got your emotional power, is the love of God,
it has got your evolutionary power and all
the powers that has created you within itself.
You are not only in electromagnetic,
are you only electromagnetic?
All these synthesized in one is the Brahma
Shakti and that’s what you should get.
Of course, I mean after realization
you will find that you find vibrations
coming out of certain things, like
certain kind of coefficients is there.
If I’ve touched something you
might get vibration from that also,
they catch My vibrations, they can transmit.
But these vibrations are very different
from electromagnetic vibrations.
You can record electromagnetic vibrations with
your limited machineries you have created,
human machinery, but this you cannot record
is the synthesis, there is no analysis.
You analyze all these electromagnetic things,
bring it to that level where you
can catch it when they are dead.
You cannot analyze anything
that is living, how can you?
Even at the level of your intelligence you
are analyzing only the dead, not the living.
You cannot analyze it, you have to
synthesize and when you synthesize,
for example sitting in this room, see the
color, see the patterns and see the carpet
and everything, the whole thing gives an aura
of some sort of a soothing feeling for yourself.
How will you analyze it?
Is there any basis of analyzing
even this, the aesthetics,
just the aesthetics you can [unclear] it.
You don’t see through electromagnetic
fields, do you see that?
Say in a drama or a play you go there.
So there is an actor, there are stage and there
are people sitting down to watch it
and the whole thing creates a mood.
And this mood, can you analyze it?
Can you analyze Shakespearean mood
with your, I mean it exists no doubt,
it creates a mood no doubt,
it does within us, isn’t it?
But can you analyze with some machines, you
see this will create Shakespearean mood.
I must say through meditative process
Indians have gone to a great extent to
create moods out of certain things like what
words to be used to create a particular mood,
what time to be used, what tune
to be used, how to render it.
You see even in Natya Shastras is
the drama, science of the drama.
But still whatever it may say
that you should avoid these words,
these are soft words, this will not
create the feeling of say a warrior,
for that you have to use these words
with these accents and all that.
With all that whatever you may do, the whole
creation of the whole thing depends on the artist.
Now how will you analyze an artist?
For example a day before only I had
a very good time and I should say
very good rendering of a very nice
raga called Puriya by some artist.
Now this raga I have heard of so many
people play before this raga, so many
people are playing and some people just don’t
like it at all because rendering is difficult.
But if it’s a master hand,
I’ve never seen such a rendering before
the way it was rendered out by an artist.
Now how do you analyze that artist
through your science or anything, can you?
Now this is even beyond that, that’s just a part,
just again the part, the mood,
the thing that gives you a mood.
What is the thing that gives you the mood?
There must be something within you which gives you
the mood and that is what we
call as the Mahakali power.
This power on the left hand side is
the one that gives you the moods.
It could be any way, it could be your
own, could be from something that is
not your own, maybe some sort of a another
personality putting that impression in you.
But deep down it is this side within you,
the left side is the Ida Nadi that gives
you the mood, that creates the mood.
And the one that creates
the mood is the right side.
The one that feels the mood is the left side.
For example this artist is the one who uses the
right side power of action to create the mood
for the left hand side to give you joy and to give
you peace and that total feeling of that creation.
But now we have to go to the
mood of the God Almighty.
He is in the mood of creation, think for
example, I mean let’s go to that point.
So what does He do?
He has his own rhythms, He plays His
own rhythms, He plays his own tunes,
His waves and all that, He creates the things the
way He wants, it’s created in waves after waves.
In His own joy and in His own mood
we should say, in His own fantasy,
in His own imagination, in His
own fondness, He is God Almighty.
Who are we to ask Him questions, why
did you do this and why did you do that?
I mean we think we are all BBC interviewers.
We go on asking questions to God
even, we cannot ask Him questions.
He is beyond questions.
So that’s how He creates the beauty for us.
And then we try to analyse it, break all the
beauty and try to find out how can you do it?
You have to join in with His mood,
you have to become one with Him,
to feel Him within you and then you can feel in
that mood with which He has created those waves.
Those waves which have all these powers within
itself which are tremendous, which are fantastic,
which are beyond your understanding but
you can emit them through your being,
you can reflect them through your
spirit, you can reflect those waves.
That’s what you have to achieve to become
into real cosmic consciousness you have to
become that by which you emit those waves of
God’s love which has created this universe.
It’s a thing much beyond these
mountains and trees and things.
Then what you feel is the vibrations of a
particular tree which has more vibrations.
There’s a tree I’ve seen in Delhi which may
have been planted by a realised soul I’m sure.
It’s a very queer type of a tree
which has got from four sides,
see the trunk coming up like that, like
four sides and it has tremendous vibrations.
Some trees have those vibrations,
some stones have those vibrations but
they are not aware of it while you are.
These vibrations work it out, they act.
They act through your attention.
Wherever your attention
goes they go and act there.
It is that tremendous.
As the attention of God, wherever it goes it acts.
In the same way when you
pay your attention it acts.
That’s all what you have to become.
You don’t have to become something that is there.
Once you understand this principle,
this principle of your attainment you
will discard all that is nonsensical.
Of course only the seekers are going
to come to Sahaja Yoga to begin with.
Don’t worry about the non
seekers, just give them up.
Have nothing to do with non seekers.
Don’t break your necks with non seekers.
Those who are seekers are only
going to come to Sahaja Yoga.
Others may come just for curing,
getting cured or some sort of a thing.
It’s like coming in the Kingdom of God which
is the wealthiest Kingdom, the highest,
the most dynamic, the most precious, the most
blissful to ask for something very cheap.
But you get that also, that’s the minimum.
But why not ask for the real, for the best.
So it’s the seekers who have to realize
that this is what you have to seek.
And not all these monkey tricks
into which people are putting you.
Of course you cannot pay for it.
It’s too great for you.
It’s too much higher for you than you can get.
You cannot purchase it.
It is not under your control
that you can purchase it.
Humble down yourself before thinking
of paying for anything like that.
It’s the blessing of God, it’s the grace that
is going to come to us which we have to receive
with thanksgiving because He has chosen us
to be in His Kingdom, to be in His love,
to be protected, to be bestowed with all
that is His beauty and grandchildren.
How can we pay for that?
People don’t understand such people.
They can’t understand God, they can’t
understand such human beings also.
Like a late gentleman came
to see Me and I was talking
to him and he liked a particular painting you see.
And I said, all right you can have it.
He said, for free?
Yes of course I did, if you like it it’s all
right because I had done it so I can do many more.
I said, all right you can have it if you like it.
Then he got frightened of Me, he said,
how can that be this something absurd,
how can that maybe give
something for nothing at all?
There’s something wrong
fishy about it, he ran away.
They can’t believe in a person who can give
something for nothing because nothing can get it.
This is a very, very simple fact about the
truth that you cannot pay for the truth.
Truth exists whether you pay
for it or not, it will exist.
That’s why it is the truth.
You have to accept that with
thanksgiving, with grace,
with joy, with such a feeling
of glorification about yourself.
You must see your own glory
about your own dignity being
glorified that it has been bestowed upon you.
But when you get it also you
are not sure of yourself,
you start seeing it, is it true, let’s analyze.
Sit down now, why should I get it?
Oh I got it, no doubt.
But there must be something wrong about it.
It’s something silly I think, to waste
your energy except for analyzing.
You are all seekers I know and I will
never say that you came here just to,
just to be here and not to take anything.
But the ego part you haven’t
left out with your shoes and
that catches you as soon as you put
on your shoes, it suddenly comes out.
Then you start analyzing.
It’s like if I give you a cake, I mean this is
not a cake but it is a cake, I don’t know of what
should I say, a cake that tastes very well, is
valuable more than gold or anything in this world.
Such a cake I cannot describe and then you go out,
cut it out and see that if it is anything
near what you expected, start analyzing.
And that’s how many Sahaja Yogis who
come to our program also get lost.
Moreover Sahaja Yoga itself
is called today as Mahayoga.
It has a great attraction power but in the
same way there is another force working,
the centrifugal and the centripetal forces.
Both are equal and opposite, which
throws away people very fast.
The way it catches the wind, can throw away.
So the first seven days I think are the most
important things for people to study themselves.
It gives you a good chance to understand
that God has to give you this because you
are the culmination of His creation,
that He has to save His creation.
He’s doing it out of His boundless love and
you do not try to limit it by your analysis.
Gradually the whole thing
will come to you very clearly.
Don’t lose it by your analysis.
Whatever you analyzed so far, where did you go?
You don’t get your vibrations by analysis.
If you start analyzing
you’ll never get vibrations.
That’s why first I put you out of this
point so you become thoughtlessly aware.
Just now you are thoughtless, there’s no thought.
That’s the best way.
You put them out of thought.
You see if you bring them here
you become thoughtlessly aware and
then break the Sahastrara so
then you can feel it better.
Because if you are thinking if the Sahastrara
was lower than Agnya I could not have managed it.
One had to put this Agnya chakra at a lower level.
That’s why Christ had to come before
I could come on this earth to create
this Agnya chakra that it could
suck your thinking and your ego.
Now we have before us a big
task, a tremendous task.
As you know that thousands are getting drowned,
they are seekers and only
the seekers are attacked.
Those who are not seekers are very
nicely sitting down having a nice time,
say might be in a pub or
maybe in a casino, so called.
Of course these are as I know is advertising
departments for the hell, no doubt.
But they’ll finish off there.
But those who are seekers for whom the whole
creation is waiting to welcome are lost.
And I have to tell you that this is very
important to understand that everyone of
you who has got Realization has to establish
the Realization and has to save those people.
And I’m sure very soon we’ll find Sahaja Yoga
prospering in England, which is very important.
The lethargy must be given up, the
lethargy of the people is very important.
Don’t get involved into smaller things of life,
like Sahaja Yogis also can tend to be like that.
For example, I know one gentleman
who came here from Australia.
When he was in England he never
wrote a letter to his mother for
I don’t know twelve years or so,
he never cared for her, not at all.
And when he got into Sahaja Yoga
suddenly he started remembering
her and thinking bad about it and all
that, he started writing letters to her.
Then he went to Australia, we lost him completely
and he’s lost with his mother, finished.
The whole balance is gone.
It happens to people.
In Australia there was a lady who never had a
child and she came to Me, they say she is now
pregnant, and now I have the report that she’s so
enamoured by that, that she doesn’t do anything
but to think of the child and make the clothes and
things for the child and she’s running about that.
She has nothing else left
now to do for Sahaja Yoga.
One can get lost into things,
even in Sahaja Yoga, so be careful these
are temptations at the subtle level.
Your heart opens out sometimes so much
that you start getting again misidentified.
Indians have another problems,
they are too much attached to their
children, to their mother, father.
When they come I have to give realization to
the whole family to three generation
upward and three generation downward.
Otherwise they’ll be always bringing out, my
father is like this, my mother is like this,
my brother is like this, all of
them I have to give realization.
Otherwise any third, fourth
generation dies somewhere,
they’ll say, Mother see I came to
Sahaja Yoga and he’s dead there.
I say, did he come to Me?
So this is another style.
When they come to Sahaja Yoga, you see, they start
becoming unaware of this kind of an attachment to
the people because they see they are not realized
souls, nor that they are seekers they are placed
among all strangers there, they don’t understand
their language and they become quite aware of it.
So they start becoming, you see, detached.
They can go to another extreme also.
You see they can become
very clear if they want to.
Sahaja Yoga has the way to push you
towards your subtle life, your subtle self,
the Spirit but you have not to stick on to all
these misidentifications, like sympathy, you see.
In England is a very common disease of sympathy.
Sympathy is to share pathos.
If you want to share pathos,
better be sympathetic.
Whom are you sympathizing?
You see compassion is different from sympathy.
In compassion you can even kill the person.
Yes, you can.
You can hit the person nicely.
As Christ did Himself, was there
anybody greater than Him in compassion?
He couldn’t bear the way
the churches were running,
He took a hunter in His hand,
started whipping all the people.
It hurts.
So the compassion is to be understood and not
the sympathy for things which are to
be shared, is the blessings of God.
And once you start understanding this,
then you will stand in the center,
where you are compassioned, the
compassion flows through you, flows.
You are attached to your
compassion, it just flows.
You don’t expect anything out of it.
It radiates.
It gives that bliss, that joy, that
happiness, which the Divine is supposed to do.
It doesn’t judge you the way we
understand judging through rationality,
but it judges you by its own balancing.
That’s how you have to become, you
have to become those radiators.
It’s a very great thing for
some people to become that.
I think it’s not difficult at
all if you understand how you
got your realization without any difficulties.
And in the same way if you realize
how you have to go further.
So be careful about the temptations that come
even after Sahaja Yoga, the misidentification,
the oscillations from one point to another.
Going from one extreme to another extreme.
If we all understand this, that we are not to pay
attention only to our own chakras catching this,
analyzing, sitting down, oh I’m catching on this,
I’m catching on that, morning till evening
doing all kinds of nonsensical things.
Forget it.
You are useless if you are
still analyzing yourself.
You are not to analyze yourself.
You have become a whole personality.
If you are recording something just know
that you have to record, that’s all.
All these things I’ve been
telling you in My own way,
perhaps I’ve not been able to really make that
progress in England as I thought it to be.
As I was thinking about because of lethargy to
record, register what I’m saying and to act.
One listens from this ear and takes
out from the same, doesn’t even allow
to go through the head to come out of the
other, then it’s not going to help you see.
Of course the vibrations work out lots of
things, the Kundalini comes and she works out.
But this brain is first enlightened you know
in Sahaja Yoga, it’s the first the brain,
first the Brahma randra
breaks here, then the heart.
So in the brain one has to realize that the
whole thing should be registered first of all.
The whole deliberations must come
from your brain to begin with.
The whole thing is absolutely logical
after realization if you see it.
Once you accept it logically you will stick on to
it very well and then put it to
your heart but do not analyze it.
Logical way of looking at things is this way,
yes it has worked, it is going to work out.
It has solved this problem, it’s
going to solve all the other problems.
Now you can sit down and analyze,
oh it has solved my problem this
way all right now but could be that
and could be this, then you are gone.
This kind of attitude towards Sahaja
Yoga is very injurious to your progress.
Just see how far you have gone and
how far you have to go than to just
go on criticizing yourself and blaming
yourself and bringing yourself down.
After all you got it because
you are a special category,
because you are seekers so I
have to do it for you, I mean it.
It has to be done, one has to do it.
You deserve it.
So why go on criticizing yourself
all the time with this brain which
is used to analysis, how can you analyze yourself?
How do you analyze your
realization I don’t understand.
Why did you get your
realization, can you analyze it?
Can you?
Anyone of you?
In the same way one should not
analyze whatever you are getting,
go on accepting it, taking more and more.
You have to have it.
You receive back, you turn
your back to the Divine.
If you go on criticizing yourself all the
time, oh why did I do it, why should I do it.
The only disease you people have is
the left vishuddhi which is you know
feeling guilty about something
that doesn’t exist now anymore.
Enter into the present,
forget the past, forget it.
That will take you to another dimension
which is to be avoided completely.
Not to feel guilty.
Be cheerful.
You have to have a very cheerful
disposition after Sahaja Yoga.
Do not analyze yourself.
As I have told you by analysis you’ll go
up to the point of electromagnetic level
where you’ll be just pulsating
like that, paramecium you see.
You are a human being specially created, so
beautiful, so try to understand yourself.
Try to understand yourself.
There’s no word which can tell you.
If I say feel that means it can be any nonsense.
If I say think it can be another nonsense.
But to be, to be that is the point, to be that.
Just to be that is the
enjoyment and the happiness.
Thank you very much.
May God bless you.
I see some faces smiling for the change.
Would not smile, even I certified
that worth smiling it is.
You see it is very certified, still they
wouldn’t smile at any cost, you see.
Like Shakespeare describes.
All right, let’s have the [unclear].
Close your eyes.
Just keep your eyes shut.
That’s important because as you
know that Kundalini doesn’t rise
above Agnya or Hamsa Chakra
if the eyes are not shut.
So keep your eyes shut.
Whatever your category is according
to human understanding, you see,
whatever race, whatever intelligence,
whatever type of profession you have,
whatever it is, it’s not important to Sahaja Yoga.
The category is only one that you are serious.
You don’t have to think what things you
have done wrong or anything, please.
Don’t count all these things.
Just forget it, just forget it.
The time has come for you to have
it and you are going to have it.
Let your attention be loose, absolutely.
Don’t put it anywhere.
Do not concentrate at any point.
Just let it be loose, it will work out.
The Kundalini has to rise.
Now you have to say that God is
the doer, He does everything.
Till you are Self-realized you
will not know that He is the doer,
see, because you have not seen His doing.
If you just say that He is the doer, not
me, I am not the doer, but I am the Spirit.
He works it out through your Spirit.
He is the one who gives you
the capacity to love also.
He gives you the capacity to evolve.
And He is the one who acts for it.
So if you are the Spirit you
become the witness of His play.
Hmm.
Because you are a seeker you have to respect
yourself and love yourself and be kind to yourself
and there has to be no awe because I love
you much more than you love yourselves.
I can prove it to you.
So there should be no awe about Me.
Hmm.
That’s better now.
Those who have come for the first time, are
you feeling cool vibrations, any one of you?
Are you feeling cool in the hand?
Good.
Are you?
Yes, no.
The one who is not feeling please
raise your hands first of all.
Raise it higher, higher.
Yes, yes.
Just can you have a look at
them and those who are feeling,
first of all those who are
not feeling just see them.
One, two, three, four.
Yes.
Can you come and do please
keep your hands up there.
Please let them see that if
you are feeling it [unclear].
It’s important that you should feel it.
Actually all those who have come
for the first time raise your
hands is the best way so they can also judge it.
All of you who have come for the first time.
Is she feeling the cool breeze?
Are you?
You are feeling your aura.
What about her?
No?
All right.
Feeling good, good.
Keep it like that.
Good.
You are feeling it too.
Now also those who are feeling
it just see them, the centers.
You have to have them.
Those who have come for the first
time ask them to sit here in front.
Please, be seated.
Good.
Now is it all right?
Close your eyes.
Working now.
Left to the right, left to the right.
All right.
What do you say?
No, right to the left.
Is it all right?
But still.
Please watch here.
Don’t watch others.
All right.
Just watch Me.
What about these people that
have come for the first time?
Have you?
All right.
Please be seated.
They will look after you.
Sit down.
Just put your hands towards Me.
Watch them.
First of all you must see
which side is higher and lower.
You see?
Just see for which side is higher and lower.
Give them a balance.
First of all you must judge.
You watch Me here.
It’s all right.
Left to the right.
I will not.
Right to the left.
I’m sorry.
You’ve been to some guru or someone before.
Have you?
Never been.
Or to some sort of a spiritualist or something.
Are you a Catholic?
Have you been to a Catholic?
I mean have you been a Catholic?
It’s
all right.
Now are you a Protestant or what?
Then what are you?
Never believed in God or never
believed in any such things.
Never.
But there is God, isn’t it?
I mean you don’t believe in God at all.
Didn’t think of Him.
You felt that there is something beyond or not.
That’s the point.
You did.
You did feel, isn’t it?
After all you are a seeker, you are a born seeker.
And if you have discarded all
these things it’s sensible also.
So it’s quite foolish there sometimes.
Ha.
Is it?
Is he all right?
Are you all right?
Now don’t doubt.
He’s there.
All right?
Don’t doubt.
What about him?
Right.
Right to the left.
Forgive.
You must forgive.
Forgive people.
All right?
Just say.
Oh you are very good.
For?
Oh they are very good people.
They have come from Paris.
What?
You happen to meet all
seekers of the world somehow?
Now how is this gentleman?
Are you all right?
Have you been to some guru whatsoever?
Have you been to some guru?
T.M.
Put your right hand like this.
All right?
Left hand also.
Right hand also.
Ah,
feeling anything?
Put your hands still.
Feeling?
Some movement.
Very subtle.
All right?
What about him?
Very good.
Yes.
Right to the left.
That you have to be careful now.
Lots of things have to be done to clear it out.
Can you put him right to the left?
Right to the left.
Yes.
Yes?
Right to the left.
And Narakasura is [unclear].
What about him?
Clear?
Left side.
Left to the right and this also.
How are you?
All right?
Better now.
When you came you were not all right.
You must do meditation.
You must clear out yourself.
How is she?
Will you please remove her agnya?
Clearly I would love to see.
Just a little more.
Can you.
On that side also.
She has Ekadasha Rudra All right.
Say the mantra and it will work.
Just put the thing little bit.
Have you got any?
Can you give her a clip or something?
Have you any got a clip or
something just to see her ekadasha?
You been to some guru?
That side, this side, this side.
Have you been to any guru or anyone?
What she say?
You?
She saw Me.
Where?
She never went to anybody else before that.
She has ekadasha rudra somehow.
But have you been reading about things like that?
Hmm, that’s it.
That’s how it’s all accommodated here.
A little.
That’s all.
It will work out, no problem.
Just see the mantra.
It will work out.
Let him put his.
Is he feeling anything in the hand?
Huh?
Warm.
Put your left hand on the stomach, this
side, little this side, on the liver.
Ah, now better.
Cooler now?
In the hand.
The coolness.
Is it cooler now?
Try to see.
It’s very subtle.
See.
So, left to the right you just put it.
What work do you do?
Huh?
You are studying what?
I know.
Biology.
Better.
Now don’t start thinking.
Just don’t start thinking otherwise it’ll stop.
All right?
What about this gentleman?
Ask him to watch Me here.
Are you feeling anything in the hand?
Bad Vishuddhi.
Just put your bandhan on
your Vishuddhi He is good.
But don’t feel guilty about it.
That’s all.
All right?
That one thing is not allowed
in Sahaja Yoga to feel guilty.
Don’t start and think you
have done anything wrong.
That’s it.